[Music]
13 amazing inventions to transform your
life technological development is
changing the world at an incredible pace
they say we can witness the appearance
of devices that have only ever been seen
in science fiction films they say well
look around I don't notice teleportation
points or flying cars as it goes
is it possible they're pulling our leg
apparently not
we are extremely eager to share our
excitement with the direction technology
is taking ascent so we have chosen the
most mind-boggling brand-new inventions
and to intrigue you even more you'll
find a bit unsettling and perhaps
slightly worrying yet riveting bonus at
the end number 13 how many times trying
and failing to carry five mugs of beer
paired with platters of onion rings and
chips have you wished you had three or
four hands how many times tired after a
long day of shopping on high heels have
you dreamt of an extra pair of legs well
scientists can't promise you extra limbs
but what you can enjoy is the third
thumb it was designed by Royal College
of Arts alumnus Danny cloud and it is a
tool resembling a prosthesis it's not
intended to replace a missing part of a
hand though on the contrary its
intention is to expand the abilities of
our body how to control it you'll never
guess the sensors are built into your
shoes so if you've been dreaming of
playing the guitar holding several Big
Apple's in one hand or climbing trees
like a monkey array you're about to get
help
[Music]
number twelve recently my friend has
returned from a long hiking trip in the
mountains when the time came to open her
backpack
everybody was ordered out of the room as
if there was a threat of gas attack her
clothes were all wet and dirty so you
can imagine the stench but it would have
gone absolutely different if she had our
next invention packs ooh what is this a
smart bag
how can a bag be smart turns out it can
you only need to press a button and it
will clear its contents of germs and
unpleasant smells using ultraviolet
light and ozone and all this in just
thirty five minutes even more stunning
is the fact that paxil can be controlled
with an iOS or Android application and
has over 20 other premium features
[Music]
number eleven nobody will argue that
people differ as much as their tastes do
some prefer oranges others get crazy
over mangos some love blondes other lose
their hearts to gingers some run miles
on treadmills in order to lose weight
others take up water aerobics classes it
has turned out that at least in the
aspect of sports there's no need to
choose water walker and spa is an
invention that combines two methods if
you love water as much as me you can
even install this device at home and
enjoy a morning run in the water to your
heart's content your butt will thank you
dearly in case you decide to relax
instead of or after training the
facility can be easily converted into a
spa pack two for me
[Music]
number ten
I bet since childhood lots of us have
been taught to brush our teeth for not
last in two minutes
many dentists support this point of view
with some of them coming as far as
prolonging this time to three minutes
three minutes how many bright side
videos could you watch in that time
voila your problem is solved meet our
hero Emma brush once you put this
miraculous device in your mouth your
teeth will be clean in just 10 seconds
it consists of a mouthpiece handpiece
and a toothpaste capsule
the brush vibrates the clear teeth of
germs but that's not all it's talents
the bristles on the mouthpiece are
aligned at a 45-degree angle and its
body is made of antibacterial silicone
you can control it through an IAS or
Android app setting different vibration
modes and cleaning times the cost of
such a time-saving gadget is about 90
euros
[Music]
number nine
all of us have from time to time heard
horror stories about stolen documents
mobiles or even wallets which happened
with their acquaintances on holidays it
means those people didn't have
anti-theft backpack it is a stylish
thief-proof backpack with lots of hidden
zippers and secret compartments it's
made of extra strong waterproof fabric
that is besides hard to cut combined
with a built-in USB charging port a
luggage strap and illuminating safety
strips it is one of the best choices for
travelers number eight
speak me about more serious matters of
Health there is a new device which can
help people with sleep apnea breathing
suspension during sleep it is a disorder
in breathing regulation with typical
suspension of breathing which lasts at
least 10 seconds and occurs more than 10
times for each hour of sleep four
percent of men and two percent of women
over 40 suffer from this disorder aring
Micro CPAP is small and compact it
generates air pressure inside the
inhalation vent so that the patient can
bring evenly and without stopping during
sleep it's yet unclear how much the
device will cost the project is still in
development
[Music]
number seven do you remember
science-fiction books where the
characters wore clothes which changed
form and color in different
circumstances how much I envied those
guys perhaps soon I won't have the
grounds friendly though here it comes
polar seal it is a lightweight
waterproof and breathable sweater
nothing special you'll say but what
about the fact that it can heat you up
in 10 seconds if you just hit the button
isn't it an ideal thing for skiers
runners and fans of long cold-weather
walks it's available in both men's and
women's versions
[Music]
number six from nine percent to fifteen
percent of Americans and it's about 30
to 40 million people put up with gum
infection pain and even broken teeth
just to avoid seeing the dentist because
of anxiety and fear no need to shiver in
your boots anymore
MTG dental camera was created to
diagnose the condition of teeth saving
us the trouble and nerves from going to
the dentist over nothing
use it to take a picture of your teeth
and send it to your dentist through a
unique mobile app they can decide then
if you need an appointment number five
[Music]
the next device seems to come directly
from the future story is the very first
levitating timepiece if you are looking
for a standard clock with two hands
think twice story has only an aluminum
ball and a smooth wooden dial you can
set it to show any time interval 24
hours or a year five years or even yes
the time until your project's deadline
if it seems like too much originality
for you you can turn on the LED matrix
display that will show time as if it
were a good old boring clock
[Music]
number four ever wanted to try your hand
at clothes design this is your lucky
chance spray-on fabric is a technology
that allows you to spray a liquid
mixture of plastic and cotton from a can
on a human body and guess what it
becomes solid and turns into clothes
which can be worn washed and worn again
the creator of this amazing invention is
Spanish designer Miguel Torres his plans
are very ambitious to produce sprayable
bandages sanitary napkins and even
upholstery
[Music]
number three 10% of US adults are
vitamin D deficient and it's just one
example the problem is you may not
notice this lock
more correctly the problem was vista
stick came into life it is an innovative
pen which paired with a mobile
application can estimate how many
vitamins and minerals your body has no
blood tests just run this pen over your
hand and all the data will appear on the
screen of your smartphone or tablet the
device cannot replace a visit to the
doctor but it can definitely help with
your diet and monitoring your health
isn't it a marvel
[Music]
number two the next event in will be
happily met by thousands of people
trying to lose weight it's a known fact
that 80% of the process of losing weight
depends on what we eat and only 20% on
sports and physical activity happy fork
is a smart fork that can fix your eating
habits and reduce your weight when
you're eating too fast it vibrates and
lights up as any other fork it is easy
to use that is if you're not a
one-year-old it can be washed under the
faucet or in a dishwasher
and charged with the USB cable connected
to a computer as a bonus you can track
your eating habits and add photos of
your dishes through happy labs app
[Music]
number one
the sign caught me with a thumb near
your ear and a pinkie near your mouth is
international but who could predict that
this will become a real way to call
somebody the wireless color rings is a
device designed by Argentinian Company B
CK starting a conversation becomes a
piece of cake just position your hand in
the sign call me and the ring on your
thumb will function as a headset your
pinky ring will play the role of a
microphone
[Music]
here's the bonus synthetic human mouth
Japanese engineers constructed a
synthetic mouth which mimics the
structure of human speech organs what is
more it can pronounce some sounds this
mouth includes a silicon windpipe vocal
cords tongue and even a nose which has a
crucial impact on our speech
it looks quite terrifying though it's
also smart
it teaches itself through the sounds it
hears and produces doesn't it make this
thing even more terrifying
hopefully scientists will find a good
use for it don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life
[Music]
you